Name: 5th International Conference on Code Quality (ICCQ)
Date: Dec 13, 2025
Venue: Ural Federal University, Russia
Website: https://www.iccq.ru/2025.html
Published by: IEEE Xplore (in cooperation with IEEE Computer Society)

We believe that the quality of the source code that millions of programmers write every day could be much higher than it is now. We believe that the contribution computer science can make to improve this situation is greatly undervalued. We aim to solve this problem by gathering together cutting-edge researchers and letting them share their most recent ideas on static analysis, program verification, bug detection, and software maintenance.

It’s a hybrid event, all speakers are welcome to either attend it in person or present their work remotely over Zoom.

IMPORTANT DATES

Paper/abstract submission: 10 Aug 2025 (anywhere on Earth)
Author notification: 1 Nov 2025
Camera-ready submissions: 25 Nov 2025
Conference: 13 Dec 2025

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Alexander Legalov (Chair), HSE University
Sara Abbaspour, Mälardalen University
Rabe Abdalkareem, Omar al-Mukhtar University
Mohammad Alshayeb, King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals
Thomas Ball, Microsoft Research
William J. Bowman, University of British Columbia
Jacques Carette, McMaster University
Bernhard Egger, Seoul National University
Umar Farooq, Louisiana State University
Eduardo Fernandes, University of Southern Denmark
Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo, Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
Ranjit Jhala, University of California, San Diego
Antoine Miné, Sorbonne Université
Murali Krishna Ramanathan, Amazon Web Services
Francis Palma, University of New Brunswick
Amr Sabry, Indiana University
Bjorn De Sutter, Ghent University
G. Gary Tan, Pennsylvania State University
Didier Verna, EPITA
Guowei Yang, University of Queensland
Vadim Zaytsev, University of Twente
Jian Zhang, Nanyang Technological University

KEYNOTE SPEECH

...

PUBLICATIONS

We consider the following criteria when evaluating papers. Novelty: The paper presents new ideas and results and places them appropriately within the context established by previous research. Importance: The paper contributes to the advancement of knowledge in the field. We also welcome papers that diverge from the dominant trajectory of the field. Evidence: The paper presents sufficient evidence supporting its claims, such as proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, case studies, and anecdotes. Clarity: The paper presents its contributions, methodology, and results clearly.

Papers will be reviewed by three PC members using a double-blind review process.

Submissions must be in PDF, printable in black and white on US Letter sized paper. All submissions must adhere to the acmart template (sigplan, 11pt, anonymous). Submitted papers must be at least 6 and at most 20 pages long, including bibliographical references and appendices. Please, submit via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/cfp/iccq25

SPONSORS

ICCQ is sponsored by Ural Federal University, HSE, and Innopolis University.

QUESTIONS?

If any questions, please email to team@iccq.ru
