Name: 4th International Conference on Code Quality (ICCQ)
Date: June 22, 2024
Venue: Innopolis University, Russia
Website: https://www.iccq.ru/2024.html
Published by: IEEE Xplore (in cooperation with IEEE Computer Society)

We believe that the quality of the source code that millions of programmers write every day could be much higher than it is now. We believe that the contribution computer science can make to improve this situation is greatly undervalued. We aim to solve this problem by gathering together cutting-edge researchers and letting them share their most recent ideas on static analysis, program verification, bug detection, and software maintenance.

It’s a hybrid event, all speakers are welcome to either attend it in person or present their work remotely over Zoom.

IMPORTANT DATES

Paper/abstract submission: 3 Mar 2024 (anywhere on Earth)
Author notification: 1 May 2024
Camera-ready submissions: 25 May 2024
Conference: 22 Jun 2024

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Anatoly Shalyto (Chair), ITMO University

KEYNOTE SPEECH

Xin Xia, Huawei

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Vahid Alizadeh, DePaul University
Vijay Anant Athavale, Walchand Institute of Technology
Elisa Baniassad, University of British Columbia
Pietro Braione, University of Milano-Bicocca
Stephen Chang, UMass Boston
Bernhard Egger, Seoul National University
Eduardo Fernandes, University of Southern Denmark
Yusuke Izawa, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo, Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
Ranjit Jhala, University of California, San Diego
Tetsuo Kamina, Oita University
Narges Khakpour, Newcastle University
Kais Klai, University Sorbonne Paris Nord
Antoine Miné, Sorbonne Université
Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer, Rochester Institute of Technology
Magnus Myreen, Chalmers University of Technology
Francis Palma, University of New Brunswick
Henrique Rebêlo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco
Ilya Sergey, National University of Singapore
Yudai Tanabe, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Didier Verna, EPITA
Guannan Wei, Purdue University
Philip Wadler, University of Edinburgh
Vadim Zaytsev, University of Twente
Steve Zdancewic, University of Pennsylvania

PUBLICATIONS

We consider the following criteria when evaluating papers. Novelty: The paper presents new ideas and results and places them appropriately within the context established by previous research. Importance: The paper contributes to the advancement of knowledge in the field. We also welcome papers that diverge from the dominant trajectory of the field. Evidence: The paper presents sufficient evidence supporting its claims, such as proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, case studies, and anecdotes. Clarity: The paper presents its contributions, methodology, and results clearly.

Papers will be reviewed by three PC members using a double-blind review process.

Submissions must be in PDF, printable in black and white on US Letter sized paper. All submissions must adhere to the ACM Small template (sigplan, two columns, 11pt font size). Submitted papers must be at least 4 and at most 16 pages long, including bibliographical references and appendices. Please, submit via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/cfp/iccq24

SPONSORS

ICCQ is sponsored by Innopolis University, HSE, and St. Petersburg University.

QUESTIONS?

If any questions, please email to team@iccq.ru