----------------------------------------------------------------------
ICCQ 2023
3nd International Conference on Code Quality
April 22, 2023
St. Petersburg, Russia (mostly online)
https://www.iccq.ru/2023.html
----------------------------------------------------------------------

We believe that the quality of the source code that millions of programmers write every day could be much higher than it is now. We believe that the contribution computer science can make to improve this situation is greatly undervalued. We aim to solve this problem by gathering together cutting-edge researchers and letting them share their most recent ideas on static analysis, program verification, bug detection, and software maintenance.

Due to the COVID-19 situation, the conference will be held in semi-online mode: speakers will be allowed to present their work remotely over Zoom.

IMPORTANT DATES

Paper/abstract submission: 18 Dec 2022 (anywhere on Earth)
Author notification: 1 Mar 2023
Camera-ready submissions: 25 Mar 2023
Conference: 22 Apr 2023

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Andrey Terekhov (Chair), SPbU
Alexandre Bergel, University of Chile
Laura M. Castro, Universidade da Coruña
Stephen Chang, UMass Boston
Daniele Cono D'Elia, Sapienza University of Rome
Pierre Donat-Bouillud, Czech Technical University
Bernhard Egger, Seoul National University
Samir Genaim, Universidad Complutense de Madrid
Shachar Itzhaky, Technion
Yusuke Izawa, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Ranjit Jhala, University of California, San Diego
Tetsuo Kamina, Oita University
Christoph Kirsch, University of Salzburg
Yu David Liu, Binghamton University
Wolfgang de Meuter, Vrije Universiteit Brussel
Antoine Miné, Sorbonne Université
Guillermo Polito, CRIStAL
Xuehai Qian, University of Southern California
Junqiao Qiu, Michigan Technological University
Yudai Tanabe, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Tachio Terauchi, Waseda University
Didier Verna, EPITA
David West, New Mexico Highlands University
Guannan Wei, Purdue University
Vadim Zaytsev, University of Twente

PUBLICATIONS

We consider the following criteria when evaluating papers. Novelty: The paper presents new ideas and results and places them appropriately within the context established by previous research. Importance: The paper contributes to the advancement of knowledge in the field. We also welcome papers that diverge from the dominant trajectory of the field. Evidence: The paper presents sufficient evidence supporting its claims, such as proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, case studies, and anecdotes. Clarity: The paper presents its contributions, methodology, and results clearly.

Papers will be reviewed by three PC members using a double-blind review process.

Submissions must be in PDF, printable in black and white on US Letter sized paper. All submissions must adhere to the ACM Small template (sigplan, two columns, 11pt font size). Submitted papers must be at least 4 and at most 16 pages long, including bibliographical references and appendices. Please, submit via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/cfp/iccq23

SPONSORS

ICCQ is sponsored by St. Petersburg University, Innopolis University, HSE, MIPT, MSU, Yandex, Kaspersky, SberCloud, Huawei and others.

QUESTIONS?

If any questions, please email to team@iccq.ru
