Name: 6th International Conference on Code Quality (ICCQ)
Date: Dec 12, 2026
Venue: A.P. Ershov Institute of Informatics Systems, Russia
Website: https://www.iccq.ru/2026.html
Published by: IEEE Xplore (in cooperation with IEEE Computer Society)

We believe that the quality of the source code that millions of programmers write every day could be much higher than it is now. We believe that the contribution computer science can make to improve this situation is greatly undervalued. We aim to solve this problem by gathering together cutting-edge researchers and letting them share their most recent ideas on static analysis, program verification, bug detection, and software maintenance.

It's a hybrid event, all speakers are welcome to either attend it in person or present their work remotely over Zoom.

IMPORTANT DATES

Paper/abstract submission: 1 Aug 2026 (anywhere on Earth)
Author notification: 1 Nov 2026
Camera-ready submissions: 25 Nov 2026
Conference: 12 Dec 2026

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Vladimir Ivanov (Chair), Innopolis University
Anastasios Antoniadis, University of Athens
Alexandre Bergel, University of Chile
Umar Farooq, UCR
Jérôme Feret, Inria
Eduardo Fernandes, University of Southern Denmark
Bjoern Franke, University of Edinburgh
Rajiv Gupta, University of California, Riverside
Dongjie He, Chongqing University
Doug Lea, State Univ. of New York at Oswego
David H. Lorenz, Open University of Israel
Umang Mathur, National University of Singapore
Hila Peleg, Technion
Benjamin C. Pierce, University of Pennsylvania
Taro Sekiyama, National Institute of Informatics
Abhishek Kr Singh, IIIT Hyderabad
Yudai Tanabe, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Didier Verna, EPITA
Philip Wadler, University of Edinburgh
Enea Zaffanella, University of Parma
Vadim Zaytsev, University of Twente

PUBLICATIONS

We consider the following criteria when evaluating papers. Novelty: The paper presents new ideas and results and places them appropriately within the context established by previous research. Importance: The paper contributes to the advancement of knowledge in the field. We also welcome papers that diverge from the dominant trajectory of the field. Evidence: The paper presents sufficient evidence supporting its claims, such as proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, case studies, and anecdotes. Clarity: The paper presents its contributions, methodology, and results clearly.

Papers will be reviewed by three PC members using a double-blind review process.

Submissions must be in PDF, printable in black and white on US Letter sized paper. All submissions must adhere to the acmart template (sigplan, 11pt, anonymous). Submitted papers must be at least 6 and at most 20 pages long, including bibliographical references and appendices. Please, submit via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/cfp/iccq26

SPONSORS

ICCQ is sponsored by IEEE, A.P. Ershov Institute of Informatics Systems, HSE, and Innopolis University.

QUESTIONS?

If any questions, please email to team@iccq.ru
