----------------------------------------------------------------------
ICCQ 2022
2nd International Conference on Code Quality
April 23, 2022
Innopolis, Kazan, Russia (mostly online)
https://www.iccq.ru/2022.html
----------------------------------------------------------------------

In cooperation with ACM SIGPLAN, ACM SIGSOFT, and IEEE Computer Society.

We believe that the quality of the source code that millions of programmers write every day could be much higher than it is now. We believe that the contribution computer science can make to improve this situation is greatly undervalued. We aim to solve this problem by gathering together cutting-edge researchers and letting them share their most recent ideas on static analysis, program verification, bug detection, and software maintenance.

Due to the COVID-19 situation, the conference will be held in semi-online mode: speakers will be allowed to present their work remotely over Zoom.

IMPORTANT DATES

Paper/abstract submission: 18 Dec 2021 (anywhere on Earth)
Author notification: 1 Mar 2022
Camera-ready submissions: 25 Mar 2022
Conference: 23 Mar 2022

KEYNOTE SPEECH

Charles Zhang, HKSUT

STEERING COMMITTEE

Hou Rui, Director of Huawei MRC
Alexander Tormasov, Rector of Innopolis University

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Giancarlo Succi, Innopolis University (Chair)
Karim Ali, University of Alberta
Luciano Baresi, Politecnico di Milano
Carl Friedrich Bolz-Tereick, Heinrich-Heine-Universität Düsseldorf
William J. Bowman, University of British Columbia
Laura M. Castro, Universidade da Coruña
Shigeru Chiba, University of Tokyo
Tim Felgentreff, Oracle Labs
Christian Hammer, University of Passau
Mats Heimdahl, University of Minnesota
Robert Hirschfeld, University of Potsdam
Alexandra Jimborean, Uppsala University
David H. Lorenz, Open University of Israel
Hidehiko Masuhara, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Hausi A. Müller, University of Victoria
Yongjun Park, Hanyang University
Gennady Pekhimenko, University of Toronto
Veselin Raychev, ETH
Tiark  Rompf, Purdue University
Yulei Sui, University of Technology Sydney
Will Tracz, IFIP
Jurgen Vinju, Eindhoven University of Technology
Laurie Williams, North Carolina State University
Tuba Yavuz, University of Florida

PUBLICATIONS

Papers will be published in the Proceedings of ICCQ, will appear in IEEE Xplore, and will be indexed by Web of Science, Scopus, Google Scholar, DBLP, and others.

We consider the following criteria when evaluating papers. Novelty: The paper presents new ideas and results and places them appropriately within the context established by previous research. Importance: The paper contributes to the advancement of knowledge in the field. We also welcome papers that diverge from the dominant trajectory of the field. Evidence: The paper presents sufficient evidence supporting its claims, such as proofs, implemented systems, experimental results, statistical analyses, case studies, and anecdotes. Clarity: The paper presents its contributions, methodology, and results clearly.

Papers will be reviewed by three PC members using a double-blind review process.

Submissions must be in PDF, printable in black and white on US Letter sized paper. All submissions must adhere to the ACM Small template (sigplan, two columns, 11pt font size). Submitted papers must be at least 4 and at most 16 pages long, including bibliographical references and appendices. Please, submit via EasyChair: https://easychair.org/cfp/ICCQ22

SPONSORS

ICCQ is sponsored by Innopolis University, Yandex, Huawei, Higher School of Economics, Bauman MSTU, BNP Paribas, and others.

QUESTIONS?

If any questions, please email to team@iccq.ru
